Protect class instance invokable methods (#28631)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components/class-libraries.md

For more information, see <xref:blazor/js-interop/call-javascript-from-dotnet#javascript-isolation-in-javascript-modules>.

## Avoid trimming JavaScript-invokable .NET methods

> [Runtime relinking](xref:blazor/host-and-deploy/webassembly#runtime-relinking) trims class instance JavaScript-invokable .NET methods unless they're protected. For more information, see <xref:blazor/js-interop/call-dotnet-from-javascript#avoid-trimming-javascript-invokable-net-methods>.

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe this is a stretch, but I think the term "protected" might be misinterpreted as having to do with the `protected` access modifier. Perhaps we could say something like this?

```suggestion
[Runtime relinking](xref:blazor/host-and-deploy/webassembly#runtime-relinking) trims class instance JavaScript-invokable .NET methods unless they're explicitly preserved. For more information, see <xref:blazor/js-interop/call-dotnet-from-javascript#avoid-trimming-javascript-invokable-net-methods>.
```
